
combined three streams of work: research scientist, executive, and  required me to be part-executive, part-manager, part-scientist. As a postdoc, I folowed my own research interests such as parent-child communication, science reasoning, and I . As a manager, I coordinated dozens of studies, made budgetary decisions, As an executive, I represented SILC's work to funders (successfully)--private like NSF, Foundation for Child develpment, . I also helped to cross-site collaborations like xyz abc. At this time I was also writing a case study for , so I learned about cross-organization collabroatrosiont there

Currently I am refocusing on expanding my scientific abilityes with  a post-doctoral researcher at the northwestern university quasi experiment, ,,,,,,,, and in the past month i have completed xyz of abc hours toward the certification of data scientist with R in datacamp.

My pronouns are she/her/hers. This website was built with R!

brief reserach bio
Raedy Ping is a scientist who wants to know how the process of learning works: how do we come to have true understanding of our world, especially things we cannot directly see (e.g., scientific phenomena, rules of mathematics)?

A psychologist with learning scientist tendencies, Raedy has studied learning in humans from infancy through adulthood. Her newest work is in cross-domain STEM learning and scientific reasoning skills. She collaborates with domain experts (e.g., geoscientists) and education practitioners (e.g., kindergarten teachers) to design research that has practical applications and advances scientific theory.


list of technical skills:



CERTIFICATES FOR DATA CAMP

Structural Equation Modeling with lavaan in R
https://www.datacamp.com/courses/structural-equation-modeling-with-lavaan-in-r
https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/498fae7d54d0ba05a4ad84f97508cb6a7dc934c8
Learn how to create and assess measurement models used to confirm the structure of a scale or questionnaire
Sept 8, 2019

Introduction to Python
Master the basics of data analysis in Python. Expand your skill set by learning scientific computing with numpy.

Introduction to R
Master the basics of data analysis by manipulating common data structures such as vectors, matrices, and data frames.

Intro to SQL for Data Science
Master the basics of querying tables in relational databases such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server, and PostgreSQL.

Exploratory Data Analysis in R: Case Study
Use data manipulation and visualization skills to explore the historical voting of the United Nations General Assembly.

Visualization Best Practices in R
Learn to effectively convey your data with an overview of common charts, alternative visualization types, and perceptual biases.

Importing Data in R (Part 2)
Parse data in any format. Whether it's flat files, statistical software, databases, or data right from the web.

Communicating with Data in the Tidyverse
Leverage the power of tidyverse tools to create publication-quality graphics and custom-styled reports that communicate your findings.

Exploratory Data Analysis
Learn how to use graphical and numerical techniques to begin uncovering the structure of your data.

Introduction to Data
Learn the language of data, study types, sampling strategies, and experimental design.

Cleaning Data in R
Learn to explore your data so you can propery clean and prepare it for analysis.

Introduction to Shell for Data Science
The Unix command line helps users combine existing programs in new ways, automate repetitive tasks, and run programs across applications.

Introduction to Relational Databases in SQL
Learn how to create one of the most efficient ways of storing data - relational databases!

Importing Data in R (Part 1)
In this course, you will learn to read CSV, XLS, and text files in R using tools like readxl and data.table.

Data Visualization with ggplot2 (Part 1)
Learn to produce meaningful and beautiful data visualizations with ggplot2 by understanding the grammar of graphics.

Joining Data in SQL
Join two or three tables together into one, combine tables using set theory, and work with subqueries in PostgreSQL.

Introduction to the Tidyverse
Get started on the path to exploring and visualizing your own data with the tidyverse, a powerful and popular collection of packages.

Intermediate R
Continue your journey to become an R ninja by learning about conditional statements, loops, and vector functions.

Correlation and Regression
https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/2534372a6270f91af6b4a1b732c9b577cd0b7609
https://www.datacamp.com/courses/correlation-and-regression
10Sept 2019

Machine Learning Toolbox
https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/dbac5ce36435e89a2623e931241e059a6cef932c
11 Sept 2019

Multiple and Logistic Regression
https://www.datacamp.com/statement-of-accomplishment/course/f16ab1b1971b28c08457134946791b2290098f82
11 Sept 2019
